hey guys welcome back to the channel I
want to say thank you to all the
subscribers today all the ones that have
joined in the past week and while you
guys would still continue to hang on the
air Thank You y'all appreciate it listen
today we're going to make kung pao
chicken kung pao chicken we're gonna
have some broccoli on the side too but
I'm not going to show you we're just
gonna steam the Broca's going to be
pretty quickly so I'm not even going to
include that in the recipe today but
here's what you're going to need you're
gonna need about a pound of boneless
skinless chicken thighs here there we go
we're going to cut these into bite-size
pieces here in a minute you need some
peanut butter some garlic some light soy
sauce some chili sauce we're going to
use craft classic Catalina dressing and
we've got some ginger all right let me
go ahead and process this get it all set
up we'll go ahead and start cooking this
y'all kung pao chicken serves 4 I think
it's less than 350 calories per serving
the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to take our quarter cup of
peanut butter and we're going to combine
it with two tablespoons of our Catalina
dressing there we go we're going to put
in 2 tablespoon or 2 teaspoons of our
chili sauce
and we'll put in our tablespoon of soy
sauce and we'll go ahead and mix this up
thoroughly so it'll make a nice even
pace all right this is the consistency
you're looking for it right here so it's
basically turn back in the peanut butter
it's absorb the liquids so this is what
we're looking for in a little peanut
butter slurry I've got our pan on
medium-high heat here and I've got our
other two tablespoons of the UH the
Catalina dressing we've got our garlic
and we've got our grated ginger I'm
going to go ahead and just heat up our
remaining dressed in here I'll put in
our garlic there we go and I'll go ahead
and put our ginger in awesome and I've
got our chicken cut up here and two
bite-sized pieces I've taken most the
fat off that I could get I'm going to go
ahead and put this in our pan too and
I'm gonna stir fry this for about a
minute here try to get anything coated
we're going to have some stick it to our
pan that's fine we'll just scrape it all
all right guys this smells fantastic oh
my god quickshop its smell it I'm gonna
go ahead and add in our peanut butter
mixture that we made earlier now there
we go baby get in there I want to get
all of this I'll come back and check
this out in a minute y'all but all
you're gonna do now is go ahead and just
stir this around in here and make sure
we get every piece coated with this I'll
show you what it looks like and we're
going to let this cook once you get all
the peanut butter in for about seven
more minutes and we should be ready to
serve all right guys this is what we're
looking for this is done it's golden
brown see it's got a lot of stuff stuck
on the bottom that's okay not a problem
we can clean the pan I'm going to go
ahead and serve this up now and it makes
4 servings like I said and this is less
than 400 calories per serving I'll give
you
any details down here let me serve this
up y'all and now we'll give this a try
i'm excited all right guys there it is
kung pao chicken let me see if I can get
a close-up of this for y'all see if Mike
there you go it's got a nice little
glisten on the top looks delicious it's
very hard friendly it's healthy it's got
the good cholesterol for you in here all
right without further ado I'm gonna go
ahead and take a nice bite of this there
it is i guess i should always offer you
guys the first bite there you go that
tastes good all right let me try it oh
wow naturally I get the first hit of
ginger and garlic which is really really
satisfying to me always be careful with
ginger man had some powerful stuff they
should regulate that I love ginger but
you get a taste of that peanut butter
there's a vague vague hint
of the Catalina I would be happy with a
little bit more Catalina but you can
taste it it does alter the flavor and I
think I would prefer a little bit more
chili sauce because I like the heat but
you know I'm cooking for my kids here so
they have to they don't really enjoy the
heat as much as I do man this is perfect
size too it's like popcorn side
fantastic oh it's got a great coding in
your mouth really awesome little dish
here so there it is y'all kung pao
chicken please like share and subscribe
to my channel if you get any benefit out
of it you know tell a friend or family
member tell your spouse all you guys
subscribe it's free and you get follow
me over on google+ p period space barton
p barton over a google+ so until next
time and then you'll get all my updates
until next time y'all I will see you
later